We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Robo order
Watchlist
Basket Order
Order Status
Placing an Order
Robo order
Square Off
Stop loss order
Types of Orders
Limit order
Margin Calculator
Options
Order Rejection
What is a Robo order?
A Robo order is a multi-leg order used in intraday trading which allows you to place 2 more orders along with the initial order. One order is placed at a price lower than order price and other placed at a price higher than order price.
Order is automatically exited when any of the defined targets are met.
These orders can be exited manually before hitting target or stop loss targets as well.
Can I place a Robo order on the NSE and BSE?
Yes, Robo orders can be placed in both NSE and BSE
Which product type allows to place Robo Orders?
You can place Robo orders only in Intraday.
Can I avail MTF facility for Robo order?
No, the MTF facility is unavailable for Robo orders.
Can I place Robo orders in commodities and currencies?
Robo orders can only be placed in the cash market segment (Equity and Derivatives) for stocks and indices.
Can I place a delivery order using Robo order?
No, you cannot place a Robo order in Delivery trading.
Can I place a Robo order in all stocks?
Robo orders can be placed in selected scrips of cash segment for intraday trading. Robo orders can not be placed on low volume scrips.
Can I place a Robo order at any time during the day?
You can place a Robo order between 9:15 AM to 3:10 PM on a trading day.
What if my Robo order does not get executed during the day?
If your first-leg order (initial Limit order) doesn’t get executed during the market hours of the trading day, then the Robo order will get cancelled.
If your first-leg order is executed and neither the second-leg nor the third-leg order gets executed your position will get auto-squared off at 3:10pm.
How many times a Robo order can be modified?
Robo order can be modified in the following ways any number of times:
Initial Order can be modified in cases the Order has not been executed.
In case of Initial Order is executed, only Stop Loss & Target Orders can be modified.
Once the Stop loss/Target price has been executed no modifications are possible.
How to place a Robo order?
Tap on Watchlist at the bottom of your screen
Click on Buy/Sell & select Intraday
Tap on Smart Orders & select Robo Order
Enter the Quantity, price, stop Loss & target targets
Click on Place Buy/Sell Order
Your order would be placed successfully subject to fund availability
How to place robo order on desktop or web?
Currently, we have robo order feature only on mobile app. We are working on bringing it to web as well.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US