We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Placing an Order
Watchlist
Basket Order
Order Status
Placing an Order
Robo order
Square Off
Stop loss order
Types of Orders
Limit order
Margin Calculator
Options
Order Rejection
Can I place an order when markets are closed (AMO Order)?
You can place AMO orders for the next trading day post market closure. AMO orders can be placed normally like a regular buy/sell order which are pushed to the exchange once the market opens.
What is a Disclosed Quantity?
Disclosed quantity feature allows you to declare only a part of the actual order to the market that you want to buy/sell.
Once you specify the disclosed quantity, the order is sent to the exchange and only the disclosed part is shown on the market screen.
The disclosed quantity should neither be equal to or greater than the order quantity nor should it be less than 10% of the order quantity.
How can I convert my F&O positions?
Tap on Orders at the bottom of your screen
Click on the Order that you wish to convert
Tap on Convert
Choose the Product Type & click Submit.
Your Position will be converted successfully.
How can I modify my order?
Tap on Orders at the bottom of your screen
Click on Open Orders
Tap on the Order you wish to modify & click on Edit Order
You will be able to modify your Orders from here
How can I buy / sell stocks?
Tap on the share for which you want to place a Buy/Sell Order
Click on Buy/Sell &
Select the mode between Delivery, Margin & Intraday
Enter Quantity, Price & click on Place Buy/Sell Order
How can I convert my Intraday position into Delivery?
As of now position conversion is not available in Angel Spark. Will add FAQ’s once its introduced
PM Comment – It is allowed. Please check point number 6. Make a single point about conversion as the journey is the same
How can I place a Stop Loss order for my existing position?
Tap on Orders at the bottom of your screen
Click on Positions
Tap on the Order for which you wish to place a Stop Loss
Tap on the stop loss button at the bottom of the screen
Enter trigger price, price & click on place Buy/Sell Order
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US