We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
Active Loans
Active Loans
Loans Enquiry
Rejected Loans
How can I check my repayment schedule online and retrieve my credentials?
The repayment schedule is not available on the app. You can request your repayment schedule by:
Emailing at:
support@creditsaison-in.com
Calling:
18001038961
What happens if I miss an EMI? Will ECS bounce charges be levied?
Yes, if you miss an EMI, a bounce charge of INR 450 will be applied.
Do I get email/SMS reminders from the Banks before my EMI date?
Lenders will send EMI reminders before the due date via call and WhatsApp.
Do I have the option of part prepayment of the loan? Are there any charges for it?
No, part prepayment of the loan is not available currently.
How do I check my payment statement online?
You can check your payment statement online under the ‘Loans’ tab. All details for verification, tracking, and managing your loans will be available there once the loan is approved.
What happens if I don't pay back OR miss EMI repayments on the Loan?
If you miss or fail to repay your EMIs on the loan, it can negatively affect your credit score and may lead to additional charges or legal action. We strongly urge you to avoid missing your loan monthly installment payments.
How can I pay my missed EMI or foreclose the loan?
If your EMI is not cleared from your bank account via the auto debit E-NACH mandate on the due date due to inadvertent circumstances, you can pay it yourself through the Angel One app. Follow these steps:
Open the Angel One app.
Navigate to the loan pass book.
Use the “Pay Now” section to make the payment via net banking or debit card.
Alternatively, the EMI mandate will be represented for auto debit from your bank account.
To foreclose the loan, you can also use the Angel One app to find the option to foreclose and complete the payment using the same methods.
How can I change my bank account used for repaying the EMI?
Presently, we do not have the feature to facilitate the change of the bank account used to set up the EMI mandate. We urge you to continue servicing your EMI through the bank account that was used at the time of loan disbursement.
When can I foreclose my loan?
Your eligibility for foreclosure varies depending on the lender partner. Please check your loan documents for specific details regarding foreclosure eligibility and conditions.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US