We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Subscription Plans
Family Declaration
Opening Your Account
Account Settings
Subscription Plans
Other Services
KYC Queries
Account Activation
Closing Your Account
MPIN and Fingerprint
MTF Activation/Deactivation
View and Update Profile
Segment Activation
What is subscription plan?
A subscription plan is a tailored package designed for our clients that provides exclusive trading benefits. These benefits vary depending on the plan and include zero brokerage trades, reduced interest rates on Margin Trading Facility (MTF), and combination offers. Plans are purchased with an upfront payment and are valid for a predetermined period, with specific usage limits attached.
How can I purchase a subscription plan?
To purchase a subscription plan, navigate to Subscription Tab on Homepage or Account section then navigate to the ‘Discover Plans’ tab, select a plan to view its details, and click the ‘Buy’ button in the details page. After successful payment, the plan will be activated immediately during market hours or the next day if purchased after market hours.
Please note that the subscription plans might not be available for some users.
What payment methods are available to purchase a subscription plans?
We accept several payment methods for purchasing subscription plans, including UPI, Google Pay, and PhonePe, all of which must be linked to your registered bank account with AngelOne.
When will my plan be activated after I purchase a subscription?
Your subscription plan will be activated on the same day if the purchase is made within market hours. If bought post market hours, it will activate on the next day. The subscription period starts from the activation date and lasts for the duration specified in the plan.
Can I cancel my subscription plan?
Clients wishing to cancel a subscription plan must submit a support ticket. It may take 3-7 days to process the cancellation request. Once the request is submitted, plan benefits will no longer be available. And if eligible you might get a refund for the subscription plan basis your utilisation.
Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription plan?
If you are eligible for a refund, based on the usage of your plan benefits and the Terms and Conditions of the subscription, the refund will be processed directly into your trading balance. The refund amount will be determined by the extent of plan utilization at the time of cancellation.
Where can I see my active subscription plans?
Your active subscription plans are displayed in two places:
Under the ‘Your Plans’ tab in the Subscription Plan section, accessible from the homepage or your account section.
At the top of the ‘Discover Plans’ tab, where an ‘Active Plans’ section highlights all the plans currently active for you.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US