We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
Chart not Loading
Chart not Loading
Drawing Tools
Indicators
Multi Charts
Trade From Charts
Others
My chart is not loading and showing "Something went wrong". What should I do?
Open Playstore
Search for Google Chrome on Playstore
Update Google Chrome or your default browser to the latest version
The chart should load successfully now
If the chart loading fails & issue still exists :
Open Playstore again
Search for Android System Webview
Click to Update the Android System Webview to the latest version
My Chart view is not loading in Angel One web app. What should I do?
Go to settings -> privacy and security -> clear browser history.
My Chart view is not loading in Angel One mobile app. What should I do?
Open application settings and clear cache and clear data, once cleared, chart should load.
Price is not updating realtime on charts on the Angel one web app. What should I do?
Always check system timezone is in sync with your chart timestamp. Also device timezone is synced with IST.
What should I do if I am living in other timezones from India and my chart is not updating real time or candles are not forming improperly?
If the charts are not working correctly in other timezones , try to come in Indian timezone and check the functioning of charts.
Our team is working to give a more flexible and permanent fix for this.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US