We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
TPIN
Bonus Issue
Buyback
Dividend
Holdings/Portfolio
Rights Issue
Stock Split
TPIN
What is TPIN?
TPIN stands for Transaction Personal Identification Number.
CDSL has introduced TPIN, which will enable investors to authorise selling securities from their demat accounts virtually.
For Non POA clients, TPIN verification will be valid for 1 day.
Once you generate TPIN, it will be valid till you generate it again. Hence, please make a note of your TPIN for quicker verification.
An OTP will also be required apart from TPIN for selling shares from demat account.
How do I generate TPIN?
Follow the below steps to generate a new TPIN.
Go to Portfolio section on the App.
Click on Verify to Sell.
You will be redirected to CDSL website.
Now you can either enter the existing TPIN or click on the option to generate TPIN.
If you choose to generate TPIN, you will need to enter BO ID and PAN details.
You can find your BO ID in Account → Profile section of the App (Also called as DP ID).
Once you enter BO ID & PAN and then OTP, your TPIN will be sent to your mobile number and email ID.
Please make a note of your TPIN so that you can reuse it later.
How can I sell stocks without TPIN verification?
You will have to activate DDPI in order to sell stocks without TPIN verification. For entire process to activate DDPI,
click here
. You can check your DDPI status on our platform by visiting Account → Profile → View All Categories (under personal details).
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US