We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
Indicators
Chart not Loading
Drawing Tools
Indicators
Multi Charts
Trade From Charts
Others
How to interpret Boring and Explosive Indicators?
Absolute (OpenPrice – ClosePrice) / Absolute (HighPrice – LowPrice) < 0.5, Colour it as Boring Candle
Absolute (OpenPrice – ClosePrice) / Absolute (HighPrice – LowPrice) > 0.5, Colour it as Explosive Candle
If the value = 0.5 , do not change the candle colour
How to interpret ORB Indicator?
Opening Range Breakout – Opening Range is high and low price range of the 1st candle in Intraday period specified. Any Following candle after that first candle breaking the upper range is Buy Signal and breaking the lower range is Sell signal.
How to interpret settings for Bollinger Bands?
Bollinger Bands are a technical analysis tool used by traders and investors to help interpret and analyze price volatility and potential price reversals in financial markets.
You can check out how to interpret Bollinger Bands in
this article
.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US