We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Brokerage Charges
DP Charges
Brokerage Charges
Stock Pledging Charges
SEBI Charges
STT (Securities Transaction Tax)
Stamp Duty
Transaction / Turnover Charges
Account Maintenance Charges
Auto Square Off Charges
Brokerage Cashback
Brokerage Plan
Call and Trade Charges
DP (Depository Participant) Charges
GST (Goods & Services Tax)
Off-Mkt Transaction Charges
Penal/Delayed Payment Charges
Pledging Charges
How can I check brokerage and other charges in my Angel One account?
You can check the charges by clicking ‘Trades & Charges’ on the ‘Account Section’ of the app. Here, you can see both trade and non-trade charges (including charges by Angel One and external charges).
Click here
to know more about all the applicable charges.
What are the brokerage charges for different securities?
Equity delivery:
From 1 November 2024, Angel One charges brokerage of ₹20 or 0.1% per executed order whichever is lower (minimum brokerage of ₹2) for equity delivery trades.
Equity intraday:
For equity intraday, a brokerage charge of ₹20 or 0.03% per executed order whichever is lower will be applicable.
Futures and Options:
For F&O, ₹20 per executed order will be applicable as brokerage.
Please
click here
to view all the latest charges applicable to your trades.
How can I see today’s charges?
The charges for today’s trades will be updated in your account after 1-2 working days. This is because, the charges from regulators or external charges are settled at the end of trading day. Angel One receives those charge details from regulators and updates them in a couple of days.
You will be able to check the charges by visiting Account → Trades & Charges screen on the platform.
Are there any brokerage charges on delivery trades?
From 1 November 2024, brokerage charges for equity delivery trades will be levied at flat INR 20 or 0.1%+ GST whichever is lower per executed order (minimum brokerage of INR 2 will be levied).
Why do I see charges on delivery trades? I thought it was free.
From 1 November 2024, brokerage charges for equity delivery trades will be levied at flat INR 20 or 0.1%+ GST whichever is lower per executed order (minimum brokerage of INR 2 will be levied).
Additionally, there will be regulatory charges such as STT, GST, Stamp duty, etc. charged by the exchanges. These charges are the same for all trading platforms.
You can see what Angel One charged you by visiting Account → Trades and charges → Total charges or View the detailed charges screen on the Angel One platform.
Are there any charges on using Trade One feature?
No, Trade One feature is completely free.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US