We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Available Margin to Trade
Available Margin to Trade
Margin Pledge/Unpledge
Margin Trading Facility
Where can I see my account balance?
Tap on Account at the bottom of your screen
Trading balance is shown at on the card at the top of the page
Click on Trading balance card to view more details about the funds
What is my Available Margin to Trade?
Available Margin to Trade consists of your Funds balance & margin against eligible holdings.
How to increase my Available Margin to Trade?
You can increase your Available Margin to Trade by adding Funds or by creating a Margin Pledge against your eligible holdings in Accounts -> Stock Pledging.
What is Peak Margin requirement?
Peak Margin is the minimum margin that must be collected by brokers from their clients in advance of placing any intraday / delivery order.
What is Peak Margin Shortfall?
Peak Margin shortfall occurs when you buy a share from 80% margin released against delivery sell transactions and such sell position is subsequently bought back.
You will be charged a penalty if margin shortfall is due to insufficient margin.
I want to know how much cash is mine and how much is on margin?
You can check your available cash and margin by visiting Account → Trading balance
screen on web or mobile app. Here you will see the Cash balance and the margins from
pledge holdings
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US