We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Risk Management – ASM & GSM
Trading & Surveillance
Risk Management – ASM & GSM
Where can we see the complete list of securities under ASM/GSM?
The ASM and GSM lists change from time to time. You can see or download the current securities list from the table below.
Exchange
Category
NSE
ASM Stocks
NSE
GSM Stocks
BSE
ASM Stocks
BSE
GSM Stocks
Does Angel One allow buying and selling of scrips under ASM and GSM?
Yes, we allow buying and selling of scrips under ASM and GSM, owing to certain rules and regulations. At Angel, trading is allowed in ASM scrips, while in the case of GSM, only scrips categorised under 0 and 1 are allowed for trading.
Why is a particular scrip or scrips blocked from trading?
To safeguard the clients from undue loss arising due to monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities such as insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more, particular scrip and scrips are blocked from trading.
How much margin is charged for ASM/GSM scrip?
The applicable margin while placing orders for ASM/GSM scrip will be 100% in all stages while the price band fluctuates.
For GSM: In Stage 1, the applicable margin shall be 100%, while, from Stage 2 onwards, an Additional Surveillance Deposit of 50% or 100% will be applicable based on GSM stage.
Note: Please know that clients will not be able to buy stocks that are in stage 2 of GSM or higher. These stocks will require Additional Surveillance Deposit (ASD) of 100% of the trade value or more and this margin will remain blocked by the exchange atleast for 2 months even after the stock is solid.
Can I trade in scrips categorized as unsolicited?
No, trading in unsolicited scrips is restricted at Angel One.
Click here
to know more unsolicited investment tips.
What are Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) and Inter Creditor Agreement (ICA)? What happens when a stock is under the surveillance of either of these codes?
Insolvency Bankruptcy Code (IBC):
This law is incorporated to handle insolvency and bankruptcy cases. When a stock is under surveillance for IBC, it means the company is going through an insolvency procedure. For some of these stocks, trading may still be allowed subject to the stage of surveillance.
Inter Creditor Agreement (ICA):
An agreement between various lenders and a single borrower that describes their rights and obligations in case of a default is ICA. When a company has entered into ICA to restructure the debt, its stock comes under the surveillance. In these cases, trading in the stocks might be allowed but with certain restrictions in place.
Why are some scrips blocked from trading in Options?
Trading is resticted for certain scrips to protect clients from undue loss arising due to liquid counters.
Why am I unable to buy/sell SME shares?
If the client has bought SME shares through IPO, selling is allowed. However, buying is completely blocked as per the risk and management decision to safeguard clients from undue losses occuring due to liquid counters.
Why am I allowed to buy/sell limited quantity?
Buying/selling is limited to a particular quantity due to illiquid counters and dry volumes. This restriction also safeguards clients from excess losses.
Why are certain scrips allowed to trade only 2 times in a financial year?
This criteria is removed from Angel One.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US