We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Stock Split
Bonus Issue
Buyback
Dividend
Holdings/Portfolio
Rights Issue
Stock Split
TPIN
When will the Stock Split impact be visible in my Portfolio?
You will receive the Stock Split shares in 3-4 trading days after the record date.
In case you do not receive the same post 5 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA).
You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section.
What is a stock split?
Stock split
is a corporate action in which a company issues more shares to its existing shareholders by reducing the face value of each share as predecided.
What is stock consolidation?
It is an action taken by a company where they reduce the number of outstanding shares by combining the shares as well as increasing the face value. It is also known as a
reverse stock split
.
What are record and ex-split dates?
The record date is the date on which the company checks its records to identify the eligible shareholders for a stock split. Please note that the record date and ex-date are the same.
Ex- split date is the date on which the stock starts trading at the new adjusted split price.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US