We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Quarterly Settlement/SEBI Payout
Add Funds
Quarterly Settlement/SEBI Payout
Withdraw Funds
Withdrawable Balance
Why were my funds withdrawn and credited to my bank account even though I didn’t place a request?
There are two reasons why this could happen.
Quarterly Settlement:
As per the SEBI guidelines, all stockbrokers are required to transfer the funds lying in the client account back to their bank at least once every quarter. The funds will be transferred back to the primary bank account mapped to your Angel One account.
Fund Settlement Frequency:
Your fund settlement frequency might be set to daily settlement. You can edit it by visiting
Account → Profile → Fund Settlement Frequency
in our mobile app.
What is quarterly settlement of funds or SEBI payout?
The quarterly settlement of funds is a SEBI requirement for all stockbrokers to settle client funds lying in trading accounts at least once every quarter. The funds are transferred back to the primary bank account mapped to your Angel One account.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US