We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Stock Pledging Charges
DP Charges
Brokerage Charges
Stock Pledging Charges
SEBI Charges
STT (Securities Transaction Tax)
Stamp Duty
Transaction / Turnover Charges
Account Maintenance Charges
Auto Square Off Charges
Brokerage Cashback
Brokerage Plan
Call and Trade Charges
DP (Depository Participant) Charges
GST (Goods & Services Tax)
Off-Mkt Transaction Charges
Penal/Delayed Payment Charges
Pledging Charges
What are the charges for pledging and unpledging shares?
A fixed transaction fee of ₹20 + GST is charged for each pledge and unpledge request, regardless of the number of shares. The split is as follows.
INR 5 (Depository) + INR 15 (Angel One Charge) + GST
For example,
Suppose you want to pledge 100 shares of ABC Ltd. and 50 shares of XYZ Ltd. You will be charged ₹40 + GST for 2 requests, irrespective of the number of shares in each request.
Similarly, if you want to place one unpledge request for 100 shares of ABC Ltd. and two unpledge requests for 50 shares and 20 shares of XYZ Ltd, respectively. In this case, you will be charged (₹20 x 3) = ₹60 + GST for 3 requests, irrespective of the number of shares in each request.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US