We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
Others
Chart not Loading
Drawing Tools
Indicators
Multi Charts
Trade From Charts
Others
What are the different Charts interface available on Angel One?
Android and IOS mobile app: Chart IQ and Trading View
Web: Trading View only
How to interchange between Chart IQ and Trading View chart in Mobile App?
On the Android and iOS mobile version, you can simply go to Account > Settings > Scroll down to Charts and choose between ChartIQ or TradingView. Note that you can change the chart version only on the mobile version and not the web application.
Chart Price scale is changed to logarithmic values. How can i change it back to default settings?
Follow these steps to adjust your price scale to regular:
1. Open the chart and check the price scale on the right-hand side of the chart.
2. Below it, you will find a settings icon (shaped like a sun).
3. Click this settings icon.
4. Thereafter, a menu with different options will appear.
5. Click on ‘Regular’ to bring the price scale back to the default setting.
Where can I find Chart IQ?
On the Angel One mobile app, you can find the Chart IQ interface by going to Account > Settings > Scroll down to Charts and choose ChartIQ. Please note that you can change the chart version only on the mobile version and not on the web app.
We are working on making ChartIQ available on Web as well.
Is Chart IQ available on web?
No, Chart IQ is not available on web as of today. Chart IQ is available only on mobile app. We are working on making it available to you on web soon.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US