We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Bonus Issue
Bonus Issue
Buyback
Dividend
Holdings/Portfolio
Rights Issue
Stock Split
TPIN
What is Bonus Issue?
Bonus shares are additional shares given by the company to existing shareholders, free of cost, in proportion to the shares held by the shareholder.
Who is eligible for bonus shares?
Shareholders who own shares of the company on the record date set by the company are eligible for bonus shares.
When will the Bonus shares be credited in my demat account?
The bonus shares will get credited to your demat account 10-15 days after the record date.
In case you do not receive the same post 15 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA).
You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section.
Why has the average price of the stock reduced after receiving bonus shares?
The buy price of bonus shares is zero, as they are credited at no cost. When the shares are credited to your account, the quantity of shares increases while the invested value remains unaffected. As a result, the average price of the stock reduces. Be assured that it is correctly calculated by Angel One.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US