We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Trading & Surveillance
Trading & Surveillance
Risk Management – ASM & GSM
What is a surveillance measure?
Market surveillance plays a key role in ensuring safety and integrity of the markets as it the process of prevention and investigation of abusive, manipulative or illegal trading practices in the securities markets. Surveillance Measure is an initative by the regulatory bodies and exchanges to protect traders and investors by monitoring price and volatility and detecting misleading activities like insider trading, fictitious transactions, and more.
What is ASM?
SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) along with the stock exchanges have initiated an Additional Surveillance Measure or ASM to safeguard investors’ interests by ensuring there are no market speculations or manipulations like unexpected price movements. The stocks are categorized under ASM for surveillance based on criteria specified by NSE
here
.
What is GSM?
GSM or Graded Surveillance Measure is a system used by Indian Stock Exchanges like NSE and BSE to alert traders/investors and ask them to be extra cautious while dealing in certain securities which have been categorized under GSM. Scrips can be classified under GSM due to abnormal price hike that doesn’t match with the company’s financial health, are illiquid, have negligible market capital, and are underpreforming.
What is the difference between ASM and GSM?
The main aim of the ASM framework is to control stock volatility, while the primary objective of GSM is to protect the investors from underperforming stocks by not allowing intraday trading and to advise them to be extra vigilant while dealing with securities that are witnessing unusual price fluctuations. Both these frameworks are introduced with different objectives, but their main goal is to protect traders and investors.
What is the basis of categorizing a scrip under ASM?
SEBI and Exchanges jointly decides the objective criterion to shortlist securities under ASM based on the following parameters:
1. High Low Variation
2. Client Concentration
3. Close to Close Price Variation
4. Market Capitalization
5. Volume Variation
6. Delivery Percentage
7. No. of Unique PANs & PEs
When will a scrip be classified under GSM?
On the basis of below-mentioned pointers, Regulatory Body and the Exchanges make their decision of adding a scrip under GSM category:
1. Periodic Call Auction Session for Illiquid Securities
2. Periodic Review of Movement of Securities to/from Trade for Trade
3. Persistent Noise Creators
4. Rumour Verification and Clarification in case of Spurt in Price/Volume
When will a scrip get out of ASM/GSM?
Every 2 months in the case of ASM and every quarter in the case of GSM, the stock can go in and out of the list based on the review carried out by the exchange.
What are the surveillance measures under ASM?
Please find the detailed surveillance measures under ASM
here
.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US