We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Ledger
Client Master List
Contract Note
Holding Statement
Ledger
Profit & Loss (P&L Statements)
Trade History/Sauda Summary
What is a Ledger Statement?
Ledger is a record of your account transactions, updated daily.
It contains details of fund pay-ins and fund withdrawals, payments made for purchases, payments received for sell transactions, and charges incurred.
It also gives a running balance of the cash limit in your account.
For details on how to read ledger “
Click Here
“
How can I download Ledger statements?
You can download your ledger statement by following these steps.
Login to your Angel One account.
Go to the Account section in the application.
You will find the Statements/Ledger section on this screen. Click on it.
Select the time period.
Click on the download button on the top right part of the screen.
When will my funds pay-in be reflected in my ledger?
Reflection of funds in your account varies with the payment partner / option selected by you –
Upto 5 minutes – UPI Payments / Google Pay
Upto 15-30 minutes – Net Banking
Upto 3 hours – NEFT / RTGS
When will my ledger be udpated with my trading transactions?
Your Ledger will be updated with your trading transaction by the end of the trading day.
When will Funds reflect in my Demat account?
Reflection of funds in your account varies with the payment partner / option selected by you –
UPI Payments / Google Pay – Instantly
Net Banking – Instantly
NEFT / RTGS – 3-4 Hours
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US