We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Square Off
Watchlist
Basket Order
Order Status
Placing an Order
Robo order
Square Off
Stop loss order
Types of Orders
Limit order
Margin Calculator
Options
Order Rejection
What are the timings for Intraday Square-Off?
Below are the timings for Intraday Square-Off:
Equity Segment: 3:15 pm
Futures Options Segment: 3:20 pm
Currency Segment: 4:45 pm
Commodity Segment: 11:15/11:45 pm ( Depending on Daylight Savings Time)
Why was my position squared off?
Your position could have been squared off due to any of the below reasons:
Intraday trades will auto squared off at 3:15 pm for the Cash segment and at 3:20 for the F&O segment.
Intraday trades will be squared off if you lose 80% of your Available Margin.
When you don’t maintain the minimum required margin in your account your shares will be squared off 4 days after the shortfall occurs.
When your shares bought using Margin are down by more than 50% of your fund balance, square-off will be done on the next trading day.
Shares bought under Margin Product need to be fully paid or pledged, failing which the shared will be squared off after 7 days.
If your account goes under debit/negative balance, then your shares will be squared off after 7 days.
Why was my Intraday Position not squared off?
Your buy/sell position might not be squared off due to upper/lower circuit in that stock.
In case you have bought the stock and the share is in a lower circuit your shares will be sold the next day.
In case you have short sold the share there is in upper circuit on the share the shares will be auctioned.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US