We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Dividend
Bonus Issue
Buyback
Dividend
Holdings/Portfolio
Rights Issue
Stock Split
TPIN
What is Dividend?
Dividend is the amount paid by a company to its shareholders out of its profits. To know more about dividend payment
click here
.
I have not received Dividend for the shares that I am holding in my demat account. What should I do?
If you hold your shares in your Demat account on record date then the dividend will be credited to your bank account. However, if those shares are in Pool account, then the dividend will be credited to your Angel One ledger.
The dividend is generally paid 30-45 days after the record date.
In case you do not receive the same post 90 days from the Record date you can check the status with the Registrar (RTA).
You can find the details of the Registrar on the BSE India website by visiting the Corp Information section.
When and where will the dividend amount be credited?
The dividend will be credited directly to your bank account after 30 to 45 days from the record date.
Will I be eligible for a dividend?
If you have holdings in your account as of ex-date, you are eligible to receive dividends.
Are there any charges or deductions on dividends?
No, there are no charges or deductions on the dividend you receive.
Where can I check the dividends?
You can create a watchlist by following these steps.
Visit the Portfolio screen.
Click on the specific stock that you are holding.
Scroll to the bottom of screen to find the dividend earned on the stock.
On web, click on the 3 dots that appear when you choose a stock. You will see an option to see the dividend earned.
Please note that you will receive the dividend directly to your bank statement within 30-45 days from the date of dividend payment from the company.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US