We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
…
En.
ही.
Investments
Orders
SIPs
Investments
My latest investment is not showing up in investments?
Your Investments will appear in your ‘Investments’ Tab when your orders moves to ‘Completed’ section of your Orders Tab.
This happens when we get the confirmation of Unit allotment by respective AMCs. This process generally takes 3/4 working days from order placement date.
Your portfolio updation date in Order timeline is our estimate of when Unit allotment confirmation from AMC will come through.
Please do not worry, This date date does not have any relation to your NAV date. Your NAV date depend on realization of funds by AMC.
My Current value is not updated?
our Current Value for mutual fund portfolio are calculated based by latest NAVs of funds held by you.
Mutual fund NAVs (Net Asset Value) are updated every day after the market closes from Monday to Friday (All working days)
This means that the Current value you see on a particular day reflects the exact current value as per previous working day.
For example, on June 3rd, you will see the Current Value for June 2nd. The Current Value for June 3rd will be updated later on June 3rd, after the market closes. Therefore, throughout June 3rd, you will view the Current value from June 2nd. On June 4th, you will see Current Value of June 3rd.
As Saturdays and Sundays are considered holidays (along with other market holidays), there are no updates to the Current values on these days as NAV does not change.
However, certain special mutual funds (such as FoF) have their NAV updated once a week. So they current value might change if you hold these funds.
My Mutual fund NAV is not updated
Mutual fund NAVs (Net Asset Value) are updated every day after the market closes from Monday to Friday (All working days)
This means that the NAV you see on a particular day reflects the value from the previous working day.
For example, on June 3rd, you will see the NAV for June 2nd. The NAV for June 3rd will be updated later on June 3rd, after the market closes. Therefore, throughout June 3rd, you will view the NAV from June 2nd. On June 4th, you will see NAV of June 3rd.
As Saturdays and Sundays are considered holidays (along with other market holidays), there are no updates to the NAV on these days. However, certain special mutual funds (such as FoF) have their NAV updated once a week.
If you have any concerns about your mutual fund’s NAV is not being updated, please contact us.
I got less money than what I placed an withdrawal order for?
Your withdraw amount is converted to corresponding units while placing order at exchange. We calculate the units to be withdrawn based on current NAVs.
Mutual fund NAVs (Net Asset Value) are updated every day after the market closes from Monday to Friday (All working days)
For example, on June 3rd, you will see the NAV for June 2nd.
Consider the following scenario for withdraw order placed on June 3rd:
If NAV on 3rd June > 2nd June, You will receive an amount greater than order amount.
If NAV on 3rd June < 2nd June, You will receive an amount lesser than order amount.
In Summary, you will receive an amount according to latest NAV.
How do I import my external funds on Angel One?
Importing external funds on Angel One is easy.
Click on ‘All’ tab beside the Angel One tab on investment dashboard.
Click on ‘Track External Funds’ and complete OTP verification on the OTP sent to your registered mobile no.
Wait for a couple of minutes. You will be able to see all your investments with other brokers and track it on Angel One.
My External funds portfolio is not updated?
Your External funds investments displayed on Angel One does not consider any investments by you on other platforms after you import on Angel One.
Your investments made before import are only considered.
To update your portfolio click on the ‘Refresh’ button’.
Where can I see all my Active SIPs?
You can view all your Active SIPs in the ‘SIPS’ section beside investments.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US