We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Limit order
Watchlist
Basket Order
Order Status
Placing an Order
Robo order
Square Off
Stop loss order
Types of Orders
Limit order
Margin Calculator
Options
Order Rejection
Why doesn't my Limit order get executed after I reach the price I want?
It does not guarantee that your order will be executed even if your price has been reached. Orders are queued while being bought or sold. For Example. Assume you placed a Buy limit order of 100 Rs for the ABC script. Let’s say there are 100 buyers and 50 sellers waiting to trade in ABC at 100. ABC is currently trading at 105 Rs and after a few minutes, it reaches 100 Rs. Since there are only 50 sellers for 100 Rs, only 50 buyers will be able to buy the script once this price is reached. As for the other 50 buyers, they’ll have to wait until more sellers become available.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US