We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
OFS
IPO
OFS
Sovereign Gold Bonds (SGB)
Stock SIP
How can I place a bid for OFS?
As of now, we do not have an online facility for OFS order placement. You can Call us / Write to us by visiting the link at the bottom of the page.
At what time can I bid for an Offer for Sale (OFS)?
You can place your bid for OFS from 9:15 AM to 3:30 PM on the OFS date.
Can I modify or cancel my Offer for Sale bid?
Yes, cancellation and modification of orders are possible before 3:20 PM.
As of now, we do not have an online facility for OFS order cancellation/modification. You can Call us / Write to us by visiting the link at the bottom of the page.
Where can I find a list of Upcoming & past OFS?
Click the link below to get the list of Upcoming & Past OFS
https://www1.nseindia.com/live_market/content/live_watch/offer_sale/ofs_sale.htm
At what time can I bid for an Offer for Sale (OFS)?
You can place your bid for OFS from 9:15 AM to 3:30 PM on the OFS date.
How many shares can I buy in an OFS?
There is no specific lot size required.
You can bid even for one share.
However, if there is a lot size specified by the Seller as mentioned in the OFS announcement notice, orders placed in the specified lot size only will be accepted
When will the funds get debited for my OFS bid?
Ledger amount will be blocked during the time of bidding.
If your OFS bid has been accepted and you have been allotted shares, your account will be debited for the appropriate amount at End of Trading Day.
Shares will be credited on the next T+2 days
In case of oversubscription, shares will be allotted on a pro-rata basis
You can also place a bid using the Margin available in your account.
However, ensure you have sufficient Margin while making the bid.
To find out your Margin, visit your Fund section on the Angel One app
When would the OFS shares get credited into my Demat account?
If your OFS bid has been accepted and you have been allotted shares, the same will be credited to your Demat account on T + 2 days.
What does Retail & Non-Retail category mean?
Retail category is for Individual Investors with a limit of Rs 2,00,000/- for Individual bids.
Non Retail category is for Organizations, FII, etc. with a bid limit greater than 2 lakhs
If allotted, how soon can I sell off my shares?
Once the shares get credited into your Demat account and reflect in your Portfolio holdings, you can place your sell order any time after that.
What is the difference between the Floor price and cut-off price?
Floor Price is the lowest price at which you can place your bid. This price is provided by sellers.
Cut off Price is the lowest price at which the OFS issue gets subscribed. This price differs for the Retail and Non Retail Categories.
Can I buy OFS using MTF (Margin Trading Facility)?
No, it’s not possible to bid for OFS using MTF.
Can I place multiple bids for Offer for Sale?
Yes you can place multiple bids for Offer for Sale.
Further, investors opting for multiple orders across Exchanges should be aware that all bids in the Retail category amounting to more than Rs 2,00,000 will be rejected.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US