We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Rights Issue
Bonus Issue
Buyback
Dividend
Holdings/Portfolio
Rights Issue
Stock Split
TPIN
How to apply for a Rights Issue?
Investors can apply for Right Issue shares only through the Application Supported by Blocked Amount i.e. ASBA, either online or offline, if they hold
Right Entitlement
in their demat account.
Online ASBA Process:
Most Self-Certified Syndicate Banks (SCSBs) support the online ASBA application process through Net Banking, similar to an IPO application. Investors should refer to their respective SCSB’s website for detailed instructions on applying for the Rights Issue.
Offline ASBA Process:
Alternatively, investors can apply by submitting a filled application form
at the nearest branch of an SCSB (Self Certified Syndicate Bank). The list of eligible branches is available on the
SEBI website
.
The Composite Application form
(CAF) can be downloaded from
NSE, BSE
and
RTA
websites.
Investors can also view and download the Rights Issue Application Form
(CAF)
, Offer Letter,
Abridged Letter & Entitlement Ratio
– Applicable only for registered holders with holdings as of Record Date, from the RTA website. RTA don’t directly accept Right Issue application forms (online/offline). Application needs to be channeled through SCSBs only.
How to obtain the Right Entitlement (RE) ?
Directly from RTA
if the investor is eligible for the Right Issue by holding shares of the Company on
the record date
.
Purchasing from the Market
– Investors can buy Right Entitlement (RE) from the secondary market through the trading platforms such as Angel One, generally identifiable with “-RE” at the end of the stock symbol.
Important Note:
Holding or purchasing Right Entitlement (RE) does not automatically grant ownership of the Rights Issue shares. Investors must apply for the Rights Issue using their RE before the application deadline. Failure to do so will result in the renouncement of rights, leading to a loss of value.
The RTA website is only for viewing the Rights Issue Application Form, Offer Letter, Abridged Letter & Entitlement Ratio – Applicable only for registered holders with holdings as of Record Date.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US