We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
DP (Depository Participant) Charges
DP Charges
Brokerage Charges
Stock Pledging Charges
SEBI Charges
STT (Securities Transaction Tax)
Stamp Duty
Transaction / Turnover Charges
Account Maintenance Charges
Auto Square Off Charges
Brokerage Cashback
Brokerage Plan
Call and Trade Charges
DP (Depository Participant) Charges
GST (Goods & Services Tax)
Off-Mkt Transaction Charges
Penal/Delayed Payment Charges
Pledging Charges
What are DP Charges?
DP(Depository Participant) charges are applied at the time of selling shares from your DEMAT account.
DP Charges are levied on a per-scrip, per-transaction basis. They don’t depend on the quantity of shares you sold, but on the number of different scrips/shares/securities that you sell.
DP Charges are levied at Rs 20 (+ 18% GST) per scrip per transaction.
When are DP Charges levied?
DP Charges are levied whenever you sell equity delivery shares from your Angel One account. They are not applicable to equity buy, intraday, or F&O transactions. DP Charges are levied on a per-scrip basis and do not depend on the quantity or the units sold.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US