We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
Post Purchase
Account Verification
Consent & Security
Eligibility
Fixed Deposit Options
Payments and Withdrawal
Post Purchase
What should I do if my payment was complete, but the FD status is not showing complete?
It can take some time for the bank to verify your application. You will receive an SMS notification once the FD is approved, which can take up to 24 hours. You can also track the status on the app dashboard.
I haven't received the FD advice yet. Where will it get delivered?
The FD advice is usually delivered to your registered email ID within 7 days of successful FD booking. This document is directly shared by the bank.
Where can I see my ongoing investments?
You can access your ongoing investments on the ‘My Investments’ page under the Ongoing Investments tab.
Why is my FD rejected?
The FD may be rejected due to a discrepancy in the information provided. You can retry with the correct details.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US