We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Margin Pledge/Unpledge
Available Margin to Trade
Margin Pledge/Unpledge
Margin Trading Facility
What is Margin Pledge?
Margin Pledge also called stock pledge refers to the process of using your existing stocks as collateral for availing additional limits.
What are the charges for Margin Pledge?
Pledging of shares is charged a flat transaction fee, irrespective of the quantity pledged. Hence, the fee charged is per scrip and not the volume. So, these charges remain the same whether you pledge 1 share or 100 shares.
Charges per scrip are Rs 20+GST. The split is as below.
INR 5 (Depository) + INR 15 (Angel One Charge) + GST
What is Unpledging of shares?
Unpledging of shares means release of pledge by paying off the loan amount or clearing your ledger debits & associated dues
What are the charges for Unpledging of shares?
Unpledging of shares are charged a flat transaction fee, irrespective of the quantity unpledged.
Hence, the fee charged is per scrip and not the volume.
So, these charges remain the same whether you un-pledge 1 share or 100 shares.
Charges per scrip are Rs 20 +GST.
What is the process for Margin Pledge?
Tap on Account at the bottom of your page
Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks
Click on Increase & select the quantity & shares you wish to pledge
Click on Increase Margin
Enter OTP by Angel One
You will be redirected to the CDSL website where you need to enter the OTP sent by CDSL on your registered mobile number
Post entering the OTP click on Verify
Once the pledge is approved, margins will be provided against the pledged stock within 15 minutes
Where can I see the status of my Margin Pledge request?
Tap on Account at the bottom of your page
Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks
Click on Margin Pledge Transactions
You will be able to see your Margin Pledge transactions from here
How to Unpledge shares?
Tap on Account at the bottom of your page
Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks
Click on Withdraw & select the stocks that you need to Unpledge
Click on Withdraw Margin
The stocks will be Unpledged on T+1 day if margin requirements are fulfilled
Where can I see the status of my Unpledge request?
Tap on Account at the bottom of your page
Scroll down to Stock Pledging & click on Pledge stocks
Click on Margin Pledge Transactions
You will be able to see your Margin Unpledge transactions from here
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US