We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Other Services
Family Declaration
Opening Your Account
Account Settings
Subscription Plans
Other Services
KYC Queries
Account Activation
Closing Your Account
MPIN and Fingerprint
MTF Activation/Deactivation
View and Update Profile
Segment Activation
Is there any Angel One desktop application for trading?
We currently do not have a desktop application for trading. We have optimized our web platform to meet the trading needs. Do let us know if you are looking for any specific improvements.
How can I use sensibull on Angel One?
You can access Sensibull from the Home screen of mobile or web platform. On the home page, scroll down to find External services. Here you will find an option to navigate to Smallcase, Sensibull, Streak etc. Also, please note that Sensibull is free for Angel One customers.
How can I trade or invest in US stocks with Angel One?
We have partnered with Vested, a platfor that allows investing in US stock market. You can Vested on the Angel One home page. Scroll down to find External services. Here you will find an option to navigate to Vested. Completely your KYC with Vested to start investing in US stocks.
Is there any Angel One app for PC?
We currently do not have a desktop application for trading. We have optimized our web platform to meet the trading needs. Do let us know if you are looking for any specific improvements.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US