We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
KYC Queries
Family Declaration
Opening Your Account
Account Settings
Subscription Plans
Other Services
KYC Queries
Account Activation
Closing Your Account
MPIN and Fingerprint
MTF Activation/Deactivation
View and Update Profile
Segment Activation
What is meant by “Signature Validation Issue” on Angel One?
It could mean that for some reason, your signature could not be validated – it could be either because the signature itself was not valid or for some other reason. But not to worry! Our sales team will reach out to you shortly to help you resolve the issue and complete the KYC process.
What does “PAN Validation Issue” mean on Angel One?
This means that there is currently an issue in the process of validating your PAN (Permanent Account Number). It could be because –
The user’s “Aadhaar Name” and “Name of Authorized Person in the Income Tax Return (ITR)” are different.
The OCR has failed to capture the PAN data – perhaps the PAN copy or the photograph on the PAN card of the applicant is not clear.
It could also be because the PAN OCR is disabled.
However, such issues can be overcome. Our sales team will reach out to you shortly and help you finish your KYC.
What is the meaning of “Selfie Validation issue” on Angel One?
This means that your selfie could not be validated because –
It did not match certain requirements
Selfie matched with score 69
But don’t worry! Our sales team will reach out to you shortly and help you resolve the issue.
What is meant by “Name Mismatch issue” on Angel One?
This means that there is currently an issue of mismatch among the names submitted in –
PAN card and address proof or
PAN card and bank proof.
Our sales team will reach out to you shortly to provide you with the steps required hereafter to complete the KYC process.
What is the meaning of “Address Proof Validation Issue”?
This basically means that there is an issue in validating the address proof because –
The PAN is non-KRA.
The QR code on the Aadhaar (proof of address) is not clear.
The Aadhaar OCR is disabled.
The address proof is something other than Aadhaar or Digilocker.
There is mismatch in the addresses submitted in the different documents
But no worries! Our sales team will reach out to you shortly to provide you with the steps required hereafter to finish your KYC process.
What is meant by “Bank Details Validation Issue” on Angel One?
This means that there is an issue in the bank details validation process because –
IMPS is not applicable.
Could not perform penny drop verification.
Our sales team will reach out to you shortly to help you complete the KYC process.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US