We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Holdings/Portfolio
Bonus Issue
Buyback
Dividend
Holdings/Portfolio
Rights Issue
Stock Split
TPIN
Why are my shares in Pool Account?
Shares will be in pool account due to 2 reasons:
Your account is in debit
Shares have not been settled yet. Shares are settled on Trading day + 2 days.
Why are my shares that I sold from my Portfolio shown as negative in Positions tab?
Positions tab shows all the positions taken by you today.
A negative quantity indicates a sell transaction whereas a positive quantity indicates a buy transaction.
When will my shares be credited to my demat account?
Your shares will be credited to your demat account on either T+1 or T+2 trading days depending upon the settlement cycle of the share where T is the trading day.
What are realized and unrealized gains?
An unrealized gain/loss is the increase/decrease in the value of an asset or investment that an investor holds but has not yet sold for cash.
It is called unrealized; gain/loss because the investor hasn’t booked the profit/loss until he actually sells that investment.
A gain or loss becomes realized when the investment is actually sold.
How do I check my Portfolio/Holdings?
Tap on Portfolio at the bottom of your screen
You will be able to see your Holdings/Portfolio from here
I bought my shares on BSE. Why are they shown on NSE in my Portfolio?
We are doing all our settlements in NSE as per our internal policy.
Follow the below path to sell shares in BSE
Click on the share you wish to sell from your Portfolio & tap on Sell
Click on 3 dots on the top right hand corner & change the Exchange from NSE to BSE or vice versa.
Your share will now be sold on BSE
When will my portfolio be updated with my latest investments?
Your Portfolio will be updated with your latest investments on an immediate basis
Why do I find the average price changed for some stocks in my portfolio?
3 things that affect the average price change for certain stocks are:
FIFO (First In, First Out) method is used while calculating the average price
Changes in corporate action handling for certain stocks
Changes in decimal digits while calculating the average price.
Here are all the details about the
average price change
you would want to know.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US