We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
Account Verification
Account Verification
Consent & Security
Eligibility
Fixed Deposit Options
Payments and Withdrawal
Post Purchase
Why do I need to verify my mobile number?
Verifying your mobile number helps us create a secure account for you, ensuring a smooth app experience and the safety of your account.
Can I continue if the mobile number linked to my bank is different from the one registered with the app?
No, your details, including your mobile number, must match those verified by our banking partner. A mismatch will result in your application being rejected by the bank.
Why are permissions to send SMS and access phone state required?
These permissions are needed to verify your mobile number by sending an SMS. Rest assured, these permissions are used solely for verification purposes.
Can I link any SIM for FD purchase if I have a dual SIM phone?
Yes, you can. However, we recommend using the SIM registered with your bank account for authentication.
Can I retry the registration if it was not successful earlier?
Yes, you can retry. Ensure you use the SIM linked to your bank account for authentication.
Can I invest in FD if I do not have a PAN?
No, currently, we only process fixed deposit requests for individuals with an active PAN.
Why is my PAN not getting verified?
For booking fixed deposits, we need to verify your PAN with the regulated authorities. If there is a mismatch, the booking cannot be completed.
What should I do if the name shown against my PAN is incorrect and I can't update it?
The name linked to your PAN should be accurate for successful identity verification and KYC purposes. Please update your name to match your PAN.
Why is my Aadhar required?
Aadhar is mandatory for identification and KYC setup for your account, necessary for processing your FD request.
Do I need a physical copy of my Aadhar?
No, a physical copy is not required. We use secure platforms like DigiLocker and CKYC for verifying your Aadhar and other documents.
What is DigiLocker?
DigiLocker is a government initiative under the Digital India project for storing and verifying documents like PAN card, driving license, Aadhar card, school marksheets, and insurance papers.
What should I do if there's a name mismatch and I can't complete the step?
For successful FD booking, the name on your Aadhar and PAN should match. Correct the details on either your PAN or Aadhar card and retry.
How can I add a new address as my current address?
Use the “add” button on the address choice screen to add an address that is not listed.
What should I do if I can't change my permanent address?
The address from your Aadhar is considered your permanent address. You may add or select your current address to proceed with the FD application.
Can my permanent address be the same as my current address?
Yes, you can select your permanent address as your current address if they are the same.
Why is video KYC required?
Video KYC is required to complete the KYC verification step as mandated by the RBI.
What if I am not available during bank working hours?
If you have made the payment, we will notify you when the bank officers are available. If video KYC is not completed within 3 days, your money will be refunded to your bank account.
When can I complete the Video KYC?
Video KYC is available from Monday to Saturday, 09:00 AM to 08:00 PM. We will notify you to complete the video KYC during these hours if pending.
What if video KYC fails?
You can retry during banking hours within 2 days of FD booking if your video KYC fails.
How will I know the status of my video KYC?
Your video KYC details are verified by bank officers, which may take up to 3 hours. Track the video KYC and FD confirmation status on the ‘My Investments’ tab.
What should I do if I can't move to the next step and complete my KYC verification?
Retry using the correct details. If it still doesn’t work, try again later. If the issue persists, raise a ticket with our support team for assistance.
Why are details related to occupation, income, and family required for FD booking?
These details are required by the bank to create your fixed deposit and ensure communication if needed.
Why is my money deducted before video KYC?
Your money is deducted before video KYC as it is the last step to verify your identity and book your FD. Your money is safe with the bank, and interest starts accumulating from the time of payment. In case of issues with VKYC, your money will be refunded within 7 working days.
What is required for completing a video KYC?
Keep your PAN Card and a blank paper with a pen ready for the VKYC process.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US