We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Opening Your Account
Family Declaration
Opening Your Account
Account Settings
Subscription Plans
Other Services
KYC Queries
Account Activation
Closing Your Account
MPIN and Fingerprint
MTF Activation/Deactivation
View and Update Profile
Segment Activation
How much time does it take to activate the account after KYC completion?
Once your KYC documents are submitted, it may take up to
3 working days
to activate your account. You will receive your client ID on the registered email address.
When will I receive my user ID and password after submitting my KYC application?
You will receive your user ID, also called as client ID within 3 working days. You can use the client ID to login to the Angel One app. Password is not required to login to your account. You will have to set up an MPIN while logging in for the first time.
What can I do if my KYC application is rejected?
Technically, your application is not rejected. It will be kept on hold if there’s some issue with the application. The issue could be one of the below.
Signature validation issue
PAN validation issue
Selfie validation issue
Name mismatch issue
Address proof validation issue
Bank details validation issue
In case of the above issues, you will receive a link via email and SMS to re-upload the required documents. Please wait for 1 working day
.
If you didn’t receive any communication from Angel One,
please wait for 2 working days. Our sales team will get in touch with you
.
How to check the status of my account opening application?
You can check the status of your application by logging into your Angel One account. Open the Angel One app → Enter the mobile number/client code → Verify the OTP. You will be able to see the application status on the home page of the app.
You will receive your user ID or client code in your email once the application is verified and approved by Angel One. You can also try to see if there is something to be done from your side by logging in
here
.
If there is no action to be taken, kindly wait for 2 working days for our team to set up your account.
For more details please refer to this
article
.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US