We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Account Activation
Family Declaration
Opening Your Account
Account Settings
Subscription Plans
Other Services
KYC Queries
Account Activation
Closing Your Account
MPIN and Fingerprint
MTF Activation/Deactivation
View and Update Profile
Segment Activation
Why did my account get deactivated?
Your account may become dormant/deactivated due to the following reasons:
You have not done any financial transaction (trading, pay-in, etc) with Angel One for more than a year.
If any of the following 6 profile details are missing: name, PAN, address, income range, mobile number, email id
You have been debarred from trading by SEBI.
There is an outstanding balance issue.
How can I reactivate my dormant account?
To reactivate your account, login to the angel one app on your device or web using the link
angelone.in/login
Verify the login using otp sent to your registered mobile number, email
Post otp verification, you will be shown the dormant status of your account along with the reason
Click on “Reactivate Account” button
Confirm your personal details and click on “proceed”
You will be required to do the 2 factor authentication using your pan number registered with Angel One account
Post successful 2FA verification, your request will be submitted and your account will be activated within 1-2 working days
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US