We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
En.
ही.
Account Maintenance Charges
DP Charges
Brokerage Charges
Stock Pledging Charges
SEBI Charges
STT (Securities Transaction Tax)
Stamp Duty
Transaction / Turnover Charges
Account Maintenance Charges
Auto Square Off Charges
Brokerage Cashback
Brokerage Plan
Call and Trade Charges
DP (Depository Participant) Charges
GST (Goods & Services Tax)
Off-Mkt Transaction Charges
Penal/Delayed Payment Charges
Pledging Charges
What is Account Maintenance Charge (AMC) at Angel One?
Account Maintenance Charge (AMC) is a fixed quarterly charge that is billed to your account.
Account maintenance charges for the first year are 0. However, the following are the charges for customers from 2nd year onwards.
Non-BSDA (Basic Services Demat Account) Clients – Rs. 60+ GST billed every quarter (Charged after your first trade each quarter).
For BSDA Clients –
If the holding value is less than 4 lakh, AMC is 0.
If the holding value is between 4 lakh and 10 lakh, AMC is Rs. 100+GST billed every year.
You can check the AMC levied to your account by navigating to
Account → Trades and Charges → Other Charges
screen on the app.
Where can I check the Account Maintenance Charges levied to my account?
You can easily check the AMC charges levied to your account in the Angel One app. Please visit
Account → Trades and Charges → Other Charges
screen and select the desired data range to check the AMC charges.
How much is the account maintenance charge on Angel One?
Account maintenance charges for the first year are 0. However, the following are the charges for customers from 2nd year onwards.
Non-BSDA (Basic Services Demat Account) Clients – Rs. 60+ GST billed every quarter (Charged after your first trade each quarter).
For BSDA Clients –
If the holding value is less than 4 lakh, AMC is 0.
If the holding value is between 4 lakh and 10 lakh, AMC is Rs. 100+GST billed every year.
You can check the AMC levied to your account by navigating to
Account → Trades and Charges → Other Charges
screen on the app.
What are BSDA and non-BSDA accounts?
BSDA (Basic Services Demat Account)
BSDA accounts provide limited services at a lower cost to retail account holders. Your account will be automatically a BSDA if it fulfills both the below conditions.
You have only 1 Demat account across all stock brokers.
The value of holdings in your account is less than 10 lakh.
Non-BSDA
Accounts that do not fulfill the above-mentioned criteria of BSDA are categorized as Non-BSDA.
Where can I check my BSDA status?
You can check your BSDA status in client master list (CML). However, we don’t have a facility to download the CML from our platform. We are working on making it available to you soon.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US