We are here to help you
Quick Links (10)
Track Application Status
Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application
Learn More
Segment Activation Process
Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One
Learn More
Fund Payout Status
Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process
Learn More
Check Order Status
Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app
Learn More
Brokerage and Charges
Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades
Learn More
Fund Addition
Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account
Learn More
Bank Account Addition
Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One
Learn More
Profile Modification
Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One
Learn More
DDPI (POA) process
Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it
Learn More
Refer and Earn
Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One
Learn More
Consent & Security
Account Verification
Consent & Security
Eligibility
Fixed Deposit Options
Payments and Withdrawal
Post Purchase
How can I avoid giving the required consents?
To ensure a smooth and secure onboarding process, we require certain permissions to fetch and validate your personal details and for KYC purposes. These permissions are only used for account creation and validation.
How safe is it to share my data using consents?
Your data is only used for account creation and KYC purposes, and it is not shared with any third parties. The safety of your information is our top priority.
What is CKYC, and why do I need to consent to fetch CKYC data?
CKYC stands for Central KYC (Know Your Customer), an initiative by the Government of India to streamline the KYC process by making all relevant information available in one place. With your consent, we can access this information for a faster and safer onboarding experience.
What details will be accessed from Digilocker for FD booking?
We will use the Digilocker facility to validate your identity and complete KYC by verifying documents like Aadhar and PAN.
Can I open a Fixed Deposit if I am an Indian citizen but not a tax resident of India?
Currently, we can only process fixed deposit requests for users who are tax residents of India.
What is a tax resident of India?
A person is considered a resident of India if they have spent either:
182 days or more in India during the financial year, or
365 days or more in India during the four preceding years and 60 days or more during the current financial year.
Still need help?
Create Ticket
Want to connect with us?
Our experts will be happy to assist you
Connect with us
Still have any queries? Connect with our support team.
CONTACT US
Partnership Request
For any partnership requests please reach us at
partners@angelbroking.com
Media Queries
022-40003600(Extn: 6925)
EMAIL US